Test, one, two, test, test, test, test, test.
Chuck, Amy Chan here.
Congratulations.
New book.
And there's a theme here, of course, of ghosts.
I wonder if you can explain, do you have ghosts that you believe in?
Do you have past existences that, multi-faceted questions?
Well, as Quarren says, we don't call them ghosts anymore.
I've had a lot of experiences in my life that I've tried to explain, explain away, I suppose.
And this was my chance to just sort of let the ghost out of the closet and have fun with it.
So is it a matter of what did the imagination run?
In part that, but also bringing in a lot of the experiences I have had.
All the sounds in the house, the appearance of certain apparitions, I guess.
Whistling.
Very humorous things.
I've had a number of things happen.
Prophetic dreams.
Advice given to me.
give you a chance to put that all in there.
Past lives, no.
I don't know of any past lives.
There's plenty of life to deal with right now, but I'm not discounting the possibilities of past lives.
I've read a few older features, a person of you, and then I read where you have gone to China to meet
to the half-sisters that you have from your mother's lawyer.
Can one assume, therefore, that the premise that you set up here draws out some of this autobiographical experience here?
No.
This is one of those books that is entirely non-autobiographical.
I never lived in 1858, as far as I know.
My sisters are nothing like farms.
One of my sisters, however, the youngest oldest sister, lived in Guayland for about ten years.
From her I was able to find out a little bit more about the cuisine and the way the frogs are prepared, for example, and the pickled nuts wine.
I was in that area of Guayland myself, though, and that's what I
I drew upon an experience of the landscape, but not life there.
Whose voice came to you first here?
Of course, we've heard all the barriers, but I think perhaps easily the more interesting, for my case, sister, is the Chinese.
I'm just wondering.
Yeah, Kwan's voice definitely came through clearly to me.
I know it's clear because I find it easier to write in her voice and surprising things that come out, which to me is when I'm not struggling so hard.
I think when I choose a voice that's closer to my own, there's a little bit of self-consciousness still there, thinking, well, I don't want to sound too stupid or too bitchy or whatever.
And I didn't let go.
But how was the tactical decision to never?
No, no.
He's had a lot of plumbing problems.
What's the doggy's name?
Bubba Zell.
Sorry, what was it again?
B-U-B-B-A and then V-O.
Okay.
You don't mind my shooting pictures?
No, no, that's fine.
No, I even use a flash occasionally.
I'm sorry, so we were talking about the decision to formulate the specific narrative structure that you... Oh, right, right.
I had a...
a sense of Quan, and I didn't know who Lydia was going to be.
In fact, I had to spell out some more of who she was, as well as Simon.
They were mostly, in the beginning, the backdrop to have the story of Quan.
I knew I couldn't have the whole book in Quan's voice because she's such a, in the beginning especially, would be considered your unreliable character.
had strange ideas that most of us would not be familiar with or agree with.
So I had to present her to the eyes of a very skeptical sister.
We had a troubled relationship with her, with the world.
How does it start with the characters?
Because the story really does certainly engage the reader to the very end.
Tell me a little bit about the process.
What do you start with?
You certainly wanted to do something with Two Sisters, I guess, worlds apart.
I started with another novel.
I threw that out after 200 pages because it wasn't working.
And once I decided to write about these ghosts, it was as though my difficulty in writing went away.
And I had a...
really didn't know where the story was going in the beginning, which is good.
Whereas the other story, the other book I was trying to write was trying to control as much.
I had heard about a young girl through a friend of mine who's a child psychiatrist.
And he said that this girl could detect illness and whether somebody had a broken bone
in the field of the past, without touching them, she could just sense through energy.
And she was taunted and feared in the school that she went to by her American classmates, and she became emotionally disturbed.
And the combination of her being distraught and claiming to see ghosts or divine illness, made the psychiatrist
think that she was psychotic or schizophrenic.
Her parents decided not to have her undergo medical treatment, medication, and hospitalization.
They sent her back to Taiwan to love her grandparents.
And there, in that culture, she was revered.
She was respected.
All the kids thought she was the luckiest girl in the world because she could talk to ghosts.
And she became very happy.
And I thought, well, there's an interesting
look at, not a girl, but at cultures and how they influence what we believe and why and how that in turn affects the rest of us.
And so I took as my starting point this girl who was not tolerated that well in this country,
It's fascinating to me.
If you take it a step further, you have to be betrayed by a woman in that system.
Yes, exactly, and then she gets that too much.
That's magnifying it by, you know, multiplying it by 10 in there.
Yes, right.
And any time she's betrayed, the quantity trends it, then it seems to be a trend of love, which is kind of a amusing kind of...
Great, thank you.
Yeah, I think, well, there's a story about love.
Over the last few years, I've talked to people who had marriages in trouble or were falling in love or sort of left one marriage and started another one.
And you've brought up these questions about who are we destined to find?
And people say, well, it was destiny that we always would meet or...
I needed unconditional love.
What are all these notions people have about that?
Like one of the characters who embodied that notion of unconditional love, but somewhere back there is a reason for that unconditional love.
It's not quite understood until later.
But instead of through a male-female love, something between sisters,
And as it turns out later, a sister who might, in fact, not be a sister, depending on what you believe at the end of the book.
I read also where, if you don't mind jumping around?
No, no, please.
Because really, my job is to read the book, too, but I hate to ask you to me a question about the book.
Where I am also interested in the biographical side.
But I did read the research aspect of it, but how taken you were about to use every lung medicine.
And that happens to my wife.
And I also read another quote where initially when you sold your first book,
surmise it to be a form of tokenism, I guess, a gesture to a hyphenated American.
If you could just talk about that a little bit.
I guess what was driving, Allison, your own perception of where your work is in America.
It is American, whether it's a question or a profile and a little bit of a lot of a certain segment of American culture.
Well, as you said, I was suspicious in the beginning that perhaps they were just publishing me to fill some quota that was out there somehow.
It's really the readers that convinced me that people were reading it for other reasons, that they found these specific stories about mothers who happened to be from a different culture from most readers that they could find themselves.
I do think that also over the last few years there remains still some tendency to place any story that is by somebody not of the mainstream culture whose family background may have been from another country and call it some sort of ethnic literature.
That hasn't happened as much with me, but I've heard so often
somebody say, oh, no, we don't need the Gus Lee because we already have the Amy Tan.
Or, no, we're not going to read the, you know, the Miami because we're reading the Amy Tan.
And so somehow they're the same.
And that's what disturbs me, that people will categorize and limit themselves there.
by saying that we're all of the same.
Right.
Well, ignoring it as literature and simply looking at the books as culture, I think that certainly all books have something to say about the cultures in which their stories take place.
But, as you say, there are other aspects to the story
in body language or characters or ideas or emotions that are quite different from one of them.
And the larger framework in terms of American fiction that is in making body, enormous body work, where it allows for so much.
I think that's one of the wonderful things about American literature is that it can
encompass so much, as opposed to, say, French literature, which I find very important in their ideas of, well, not French literature per se, but the French readership, which influences them what gets published.
And I think American readers have become much more open to reading what I call different
I just received a reading copy of Jeneva Kincaid's next book.
I'm so excited.
I love her work.
There's an experience.
Usually her stories are based in Antiqua, and she has the most wonderful way of writing.
She's an American writer, and she lived in New York.
Well, you live in New York now.
How long have you lived in New York?
I've had a place since June, but I really live in San Francisco, and I come here, and I do work here, but I, you know.
Certainly, I never stayed in New York, but I did.
Do you consider yourself a San Franciscan now, or a New Yorker?
San Franciscan.
Right, because this year I was going to be doing so much in New York, finishing my book and looking at some of the projects that I just decided to do as a partner for the year.
I stumbled my place and my husband just left about half an hour ago to go back to San Francisco.
So, yeah, that's what this was done.
She lives in the Bay Area, in Oakland.
Her other house burned down.
She was caught in that terrible fire and lost her novel.
It's appalling because you can never write the same thing over again, the freshness.
Your excitement of writing is gone.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, yeah.
That put her behind schedule.
You know, what a tragedy.
Which, you know, of course, whatever she says.
Yeah, if I lost my novelist, she's done.
She has something coming out, I think, soon.
Maybe next year.
Do you have a sense of your readership in there?
And this is now your very novelist.
Were you writing before?
Yes, and they are primarily women around my age or mothers, but also a lot of students.
But I think it's because their teachers forced them to write these letters.
And the Joy Luck Club especially has been required
I can't tell you how many teachers think it's a new idea that they have their entire classroom write an author questions.
Seeing the author is going to be able to sit down and do that.
I feel so terrible because I have no time to do that.
Not even one for school.
I mean, they just come in floods, you know.
Usually they come around April or May, and it'll be a letter, Dear Miss Tan,
My teacher said I should write to you.
I have a paper due next week.
Could you please answer these 20 questions and send it back to me as soon as possible?
Next week.
But the letter has been forwarded to me from the publisher, and it's two months later.
So, I mean, the deadline has passed.
I keep thinking, what happened to all these students?
I can tell you, my 13-year-old guy is very depressed by meeting with you today.
And that Michael Tyson was on a calendar, too, on a Jurassic Park at the Joy Love Hall.
And he's saying, this is very depressing.
What is it that you think, why is the Joy Love Hall such a good book for young kids to do that?
Well, when I think of the letters that I've received from students who were not assigned to write to me, who wrote from their hearts, they often say they thought they were alone in the world and they felt this place, that they did not belong to either
their parents' culture or that of their schooling.
And in reading this book, they discovered they weren't alone.
And it gave them great hope.
And it made them feel that they were normal.
And I think so many of us grow up in an environment where we don't entirely fit.
And I would say a majority.
young people have those feelings at some point.
And they see that it can happen with somebody from their own culture, or whose family is from their own culture, but it's a common feeling.
In the Joy Luck Club, there are so many characters at different ages, young kids, nine-year-olds, teenagers, young women,
reaching the 30s and 40s in the older generation.
I think that gave people an opportunity to look at what they might have gone through and went to.
I often feel that what I write about is so ordinary, and I'm not saying this to be self-deprecating, but ordinary emotions, meaning that we all have these things.
I've found that if I bought a Volkswagen in 1972, 50% of the people my age bought a Volkswagen.
If I got a little dog, everybody seems getting a little dog.
Somehow, I am that age bracket that is the median age of baby boomers.
Whatever I'm doing or thinking is, we should sort of fall right into
the path of what's happening in that pig in the python.
So even though I might write stories that are specific to a Chinese-American background, the feeling seems to be true for many people.
How do you see your work in developing this body of life?
Is it a corpus?
I haven't consciously set out to build a body of work that follows along certain ideas or themes, but I find looking back that all my books have a lot to do with hope and a sense of
Also, questions about what you believe and why.
This book has much more ado about all kinds of love, as opposed to mother-daughter love, and certainly about hope and how hope feeds into what you believe and why we believe certain ideas.
I don't think I'll know the answer to that until at the end of my life.
Somebody else be on it, I guess, starts to evaluate.
Yeah, I think that'll be the deconstructionist points of view.
I have a friend who's a psychologist, and he's in my writer's group.
We read our work, we'll ask to teach each other.
He's heard this in pieces as I was writing it and reading about it.
But he read the whole thing in yelling form.
And he analyzed it and he's decided that this book is about my coming to grips with a part of me that I rejected early in life that had nothing to do with culture but being overweight and nerdy and
as something, which didn't resonate with me, but, you know, who knows?
I said, well, may you live long enough that after I die that you can write about that.
I don't think that it's true, but, you know, that might be the analysis if somebody comes up with later.
Now, did you always write?
Was writing something that you...
I've always wanted, I always liked writing.
I didn't ever think I'd become a fiction writer.
I think because I was raised to be more practical than that.
I thought you had to get a real job.
You couldn't do something you loved.
You had to do something that was hard work and responsible.
Don't mind me, I'm enjoying it.
I thought I was going to be a doctor because that's what I was told I was supposed to be.
I wrote, when I was young, letters primarily to friends.
I did write an essay when I was eight on what the library means to me, and that was published in the Center of the British Democrats.
It won me a transistor radio.
All my friends who remember getting letters from me say that I was a prolific, amazing letter writer, and they kept the letters.
And because I thought I had a very dull life, I made up things in the letters of what was going on.
I made up names for myself.
I'm doing somebody else, and made up stories.
I suppose that's in my life fiction.
Early readers were just the person that happened to me.
You're talking about irony of irony.
Is it a trip to Europe for you to realize something about your life here and how you do it?
Know if you feel a little bit about that.
I guess you're 15, maybe?
16.
My father died when I was 15.
My mother took us to live in Europe.
We actually didn't know we were in Switzerland, but that's where we ended up.
There, I was so exotic.
Here in the States at the time, I thought I was ugly.
And over there, I was beautiful because I was different and exotic.
I had men following me around.
I was at the time 30 pounds heavier than I am now when I was an adolescent.
It was a revelation to me that the way I felt about myself had so much to do with the people around me and their opinions, and that was dangerous.
It was a good lesson in self-esteem that you have to decide what you truly think is for yourself and what it means to be an individual that you don't have to be the same.
I wanted to be an American.
meaning to be the same as everybody else.
But I think to be an American is to really create your own identity.
That's what this country was founded on.
How long did it take you to this country's realization?
I wouldn't have put it in those words at the age of 16, but I certainly felt the first idea, which is I have to develop my own sense of who I am and not
not allowed myself to fluctuate in my feelings depending on whether I was popular or not or exotic or not.
Those were external opinions and I couldn't be what I held myself.
Of course, you could think that and you go through life and you still want to please people, you still want to be accepted and to belong.
And I think it's been all my life, you know, I've been saying, hey, wait a minute, I can't judge how good of a writer I am by how many books I sell or what kind of reviews I get or, you know, I have to know what's important for me to write.
And if I achieved those ideas
And then what I've written was worthwhile in that sense.
It doesn't mean I'm immune from feeling hurt, you know, if the book doesn't sell or if I get a bad review or if somebody says, I hated your book.
Has anyone said that to you?
Oh, yeah, I've got some letters from people who thought my last book was
absolute pornography.
I would never read another book of mine again.
Another woman who came and heard me give a talk and thought I was, she felt she had wasted her money going to the talk and she could have gone to a movie instead or something like that.
So you get these letters that are, you know, and I realize you can't please everybody, but it
It is, you know, if you take it on the personal level, it's very wounding, and then I just have to let it go and take it out.
You said earlier that you would plan to be a physician.
How far did you take that plan?
I enrolled as a pre-med student my first year of college, and I quickly changed English.
Linfield College, and we had Minville, Oregon.
One of the papers that takes my column is Eugene.
I've read about 30 newspapers.
I've targeted universities, cities like Eugene, Columbus, Ohio, Texas, Gainesville, Knoxville, Charlotte, all these universities.
Right, right.
I got my degree from San Jose State.
and also went to UC Santa Cruz and UC Berkeley.
And so when did the writing start, in all of this?
When did the Joy Life Club start?
I started writing in 1985, fiction, but I had been a business writer before that, starting in 1985.
And I wrote my first story
Actually, I had little fragments of stories that I never finished.
They were written not as a Chinese-American girl or woman, but a man or somebody completely different.
When I finally wrote this story, it was to get into a writer's workshop called the Squaw Valley Community of Writers.
eventually became rules of the game, and the story about Waverly, the chess player.
That was also, at 86 I read Love Medicine, and then reinforced this idea that I should write and find a voice.
Was it the fact that the multiple voices that Louise used in Love Medicine, that persuaded you that this is something we did?
Well, that I could write a number of stories and then see what it would be like to take a mother's point of view.
And it was liberating.
And I think I really fell in love with the idea of writing.
But I lost that lapse where I didn't feel I
cared enough about fiction writing in some sense.
I loved to read, and I never truly thought I'd become a published writer, and I was doing it for myself.
You didn't think about it, really?
No, I had this dream of, you know, I was a business writer.
I had... This is freelancer.
Freelance business writer.
And I was doing things for corporations, writing for IBM and AT&T.
Bell operating company before and after divestiture.
And that was my living.
I had very good clients, I had as much work as I wanted, and I could pick projects.
And the fiction was something I did in my spare time.
I didn't have a lot of spare time, and sometimes months would go by and I didn't have time to write any fiction.
But something would always happen to remind me
to write more fiction.
This is when I started thinking there was some sort of spirit going on.
I'd get a call and it'd be somebody from a little literary magazine saying, so-and-so told us you were writing fiction and she told us about this story and we'd like her to send it in so we could take a look at it.
I said, sure, where is that thing?
They said, I'm going to publish it and give me $30 for two issues.
I said, oh, that's great.
I had in my mind that maybe when I was about 16, I'd get something published finally in some magazine and that would be proof that it was worth it all along.
Meaning a short story published in some
And here this thing happened, and then I'd forget about writing, and then I'd get a phone call, and I'd go, hi, this is Seventeen Magazine, and we want to reprint your story.
The first time they called, I thought they were trying to sell me a subscription, and I didn't answer back, and they called again.
And then I heard this little voice again, and it was a little kick, you know.
And then another thing happened.
Somebody called me, congratulations on your international debut.
And he had seen my story in an Italian magazine translated.
I never gave permission.
They told him the story.
They claimed they tried to get permission.
They didn't contact me, so they took the story and translated it.
again, you know, a little voice, and then an agent calls, you know, and I heard that, you know, you're a short story writer, and I'd like to talk to them.
I said, no, I'm not, I'm a business writer.
I happen to have this one story that's been published in three places.
Isn't that amazing?
It's an amazing story, I must say.
It's amazing.
I mean, I did my thing.
So you were approached by an agent.
I did not pursue an agent.
Right, right.
I was approached by an agent.
The one thing that I did do was I'd write these terrible stories or this, you know, rules of the game or whatever, and then these other fragments of bad things that were not, you know, like the male macho Ivy League person.
And I'd send them off to The New Yorker, and I'd get my standard rejection, you know, six weeks later or whatever.
And I had this plan that I was going to build this wall in my office, and I was going to like a collage, and I'd have all these rejection splits.
And it wasn't to feel bad, it was just sort of like a humorous thing, but it was my way of, you know, kind of, you had to do something with it.
You sent it out and the world came back, okay, and start over on something else.
And so I did.
I had a little collection of rejections.
So did you have a lot of rejections?
I had, I think, three.
But see, I had one from the New Yorker.
It was a standard rejection.
But somebody had pinned in a little sorry.
And then I got a personalized one.
And, you know, why it didn't quite work for this person to keep writing.
This is great.
Then I got another one that was sort of another nicer rejection.
Peter Osmond, New Yorker?
Yeah, yeah.
So reading a little bit more interesting, I think.
Yeah, and now, this next, I don't know, October 2nd or something, I have a story coming out from New Yorker.
Really?
What happened?
Yeah.
Can you see your question?
A lot of water has to pass the keel on.
Yeah.
I know it's different.
If I had been the complete unknown short story writer, it's a different feeling, obviously.
But I never felt bad about it.
I never took these things as personal rejections.
It was always fun to do, and I always had a little hope, a little excitement.
I didn't have that sort of, okay, you know, move on to something else, write another story.
Plus, you never had a job.
Yeah, right.
And I had a job in which I was writing, and I was very well-liked in my life.
Yeah, you know, it's sort of like, gosh, maybe I can be an interior decorator.
You go off and buy fabric and do something every now and then.
I think it was 16-5.
The reason why it was fairly high for the first book is that I think they had a paperback floor of them, so they knew that.
I think they had some good early responses.
from booksellers with the galleys and then some early reviews.
And then there were some magazines that were going to do profiles.
And that was always, each of these would add a piece down.
So what was your response to that?
Were you shocked?
Were you surprised at that?
I think I was much more reasonable about it than most everybody else who was involved with it.
It was possibly the exception of my answer.
I thought, well, this is nice, but in another month after publication, I had to be off the shelf and forgotten.
I had to go back to my other life and write these other things.
And it's very practical about it.
None of these hype dreams.
I look at so many people today who write their first story.
A friend of mine at Squaw Valley who's part of the staff that a young woman came up to me and showed them the story and she started critiquing it.
And she burst into tears and he said, what?
I think it's a good story.
I just think it needs a little bit more work.
You don't understand.
I've been working on this since January.
It was like February 6th.
Yeah, you know, it was through.
And I've talked to so many people who say things like, well, I'm really fairly reasonable.
I'm not expecting a million dollars from my first book, but I figure I put in five years into this.
I'd like to just get sort of a standard wage, like $20,000 a year.
So $100,000 would be sufficient, I think.
My God, you know, I mean these people have no idea what reality is.
It doesn't usually happen that way.
So here I'm the person who would have said, no, you know, you could expect to, if you're lucky to get $5,000 and sell 5,000 copies,
and go back to, you know, security and... And the new judge, so to speak.
Yeah, and you know, when they were selling foreign rights after a while, and I'd say to my husband, you know, oh, you know, they put something to England, that means that I can stay off work for another month, maybe start another book, you know.
I figured I'd have to return back to my business by a certain period and earn some money.
Things started happening after publication.
Each time something happened, I'd say, oh, you know, I've bought me four more months, you know, I can stay home and write another book, you know, I may be able to print something out or something else.
And then one day, it was like,
It was amazing.
But again, I have to tell you that it was these little sprites or spirits or whatever they are.
One agent took me on.
I didn't go with the agent when she first called me, because I told her I was a great kitchen writer.
Well, I'm 43 now, so I started writing fiction when I was 33, and when the agent... My agent pursued me, but I ended up calling her back on a question of when something was reprinted, the Italian thing, reprinted without my permission.
She came up and I met
She lives down in Delmar.
And after I signed on with her, I said, Lou and I were on vacation, and we're walking around the lake in the mountains, and I said, I want you to remember this conversation.
I said, because something very strange is happening in my life, and I don't understand it.
What is it?
I'll just try to remember.
Something is, someone is pushing me to do this writing, and even if I didn't want to do it, I'd have to do it, because so far, look at what's happened.
I haven't been involved in it, and it just kind of comes, so.
Do you have a sense of these spirits?
I do have a very strong sense of it, and that's why I finally let Gallup
the desk and said, okay, you wanted me to be a writer, you want me to write this story, and I'll write this story, and come and give me your ideas.
So I sit down and read this kind of wonderful time writing it.
Who did you write here?
Sandra Dykstra.
She also represents Maxine Hock-Houston, Susan Faludi, a number of people filling in.
Do you read any of your contemporaries for pleasure, or do you approach, do you look at all of your novels as a craftsman trying to figure out like a watchmaker?
No, I couldn't do that.
I get tired of reading that.
There is a book that I've read from Kraft.
I fall asleep.
about 10 pages into it, and I never tire of reading it, those same 10 pages.
It's Horde Maddox for the Good Soldier.
I think that book is so seamless, at least it must be the rest of the way through.
I just start reading this, and I do look at the craft of how he does this.
But you know who I think does it?
Even better, it's Kazuyo Ishiguro.
I can't help but sit back every now and then admire this craft.
But I just get stuck to the story, too, and just read.
And that's what I have to do.
Jamaica Kincaid is the same way.
I'm reading the book now.
And I just, it's pure pleasure that every now and then
I go back and I read the page just for the crowd.
It's beautiful.
When you go into reading stuff, do you read different things, or do you have pretty much a reconnection of what you love to them?
I like to read stories about childhood and different backgrounds.
But it's anything that... Reviews do influence me.
You know, if I read a good review
the language is beautiful enough.
I don't like books that are, where the language screams at you and says, pay attention to me.
When you read from your own words, you have any specific, any favorite parts
In your own work.
Oh, in my own work.
Yeah.
That's interesting.
Because I noticed you're ready to embark on a huge cross-country tour.
I think you have a lot of reading schedule.
Is that right?
Yeah.
I was talking to somebody about, what do you think I should read?
You know, I read it out loud for the Dove audiotapes.
And I proved the manuscript at the same time, and I asked the woman, who was the producer, you know, what part she thought I should read aloud.
I still haven't decided.
I don't know.
Do you approach the evidence of a new book with almost any anxiety?
Of course, you know that Peter is wonderful.
Yeah.
I had a lot of anxiety with the second book.
The pressure was tremendous.
And, you know, wondering what they'd say about it.
And, oh, she was, you know, one book.
The third book, I think I found more of a steadiness in my own mind and heart about what I'm doing.
It was the right thing for me to do, no matter what.
Because of everything that happened during the writing of this book.
It's been an amazing period in my life.
Just everything was handed to me, you know, in the way of troubles and luck and wonderful things
I got the dog.
I discovered a great love in my life.
But the terrible thing is really also a wonderful thing.
And I can't, I don't know if I really can talk about it.
I'll tell you.
My editor is ill.
And the reason is really why I came to New York.
I don't know how to do it.
But she's doing fun, like a miracle.
And I had to believe, to be loyal, to speak for everything I knew about unconditional love.
I found myself getting on an airplane, coming to New York, I've never lived alone in my life, and walked into an empty apartment with my book still unfinished.
When I landed here, I thought, what am I doing here?
What am I doing here?
I don't know how to pay bills.
I don't know how to be by myself.
What am I doing here?
And everything became unimportant.
All of that.
To take care of her.
To find a cute person.
And she's doing well.
She's doing excellent.
Thank you.
She was at the party last night.
I mean, nobody would know she's still.
She's doing great.
Have you given me an hour of your time, so I'm going to stay my love when I want to get out of town with women?
I wish I had a finished book for you to sign for me, but...